---
name: Dan Kennedy
role: CEO
intro: I am a seasoned entrepreneur with a passion for building innovative products that make a difference. With over a decade of experience in the tech industry, I've led multiple startups from ideation to successful acquisition. I believe in the power of technology to transform lives and am committed to creating solutions that drive positive change.
education:
  - "High School"
  - "College"
experience:
  - "3 years at one job"
  - "2 years at another"
avatar:
  url: "/avatars/2.png"
  alt: "#"
---

I am Dan Kennedy, a seasoned entrepreneur with a passion for building innovative products that make a difference. With over a decade of experience in the tech industry, I've led multiple startups from ideation to successful acquisition. I believe in the power of technology to transform lives and am committed to creating solutions that drive positive change.

## My Journey

I started my career in the tech industry right out of college, working as a software engineer at a leading tech company. After gaining valuable experience in product development and project management, I decided to venture into entrepreneurship. I co-founded my first startup, where I led the product development team and oversaw the company's growth from a small team to a successful venture-backed company.

## Philosophy and Approach

I believe in the power of technology to transform lives and drive positive change. I am passionate about creating innovative solutions that address real-world problems and improve people's lives. My approach to product development is user-centric, focusing on creating products that are intuitive, user-friendly, and impactful.

## Let's Collaborate

Whether you're a single doctor or a practice, We can help.

Feel free to reach out to me at [sales@fluidity-ai.com](mailto:sales@fluidity-ai.com).
